



INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/GYM - CONTINUOUS

An empty gymnasium except for a shirtless MIKE O'DONNELL, 17.
Mike stands feet BEYOND the 3 point line, grabs balls from a
hopper and rapidly shoots, shoots, shoots.
SWISH...SWISH...SWISH. This kid's automatic.

Mike's hair, a pompadour mullet a la `21 Jump Street' and
short shorts circa 1989.

Mustached and curly haired COACH HARVEY, 40, enters.

Mike sinks one last jumper, turns to the Coach.

Coach Harvey hands Mike a towel.

The rest of the FITCH FALCONS basketball team jogs out from
the locker room followed by a PHOTOGRAPHER.

The Team assembles in the middle of the court. A PLAYER
kneeling in front holds a sign, `FITCH FALCONS, 1989'.

DOM, 17, handsome, tall, long rat tail, scoffs-

2.



A shoving match breaks out between Mike and Dom.

Coach Harvey pulls the Players apart just as the gym doors
burst open. ED FREEDMAN, 17, sporting a jacket over a WIZARD
costume, runs in, trips on his robe, gets up, peels his
clothes off.

Ed takes a spot next to Dom.

WE see Dom reach behind Ed, grab hold of his
underwear...RRRRIIIPP...FLASH. And with the flash WE cut to:


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/GYM - NIGHT

The Falcons run, pass and shoot on one end of the court. On
the opposite end, a TEAM in BLUE warms up.

Lights dim. Cue MC Hammer's `Can't Touch This'. CHEERLEADERS
at center court perform the Hammer DANCE ROUTINE. PAN around
the gym, everybody's doing the Hammer dance.

Ed awkwardly tries to imitate Mike.

Coach shakes his head in disgust and when the routine ends-

The Falcons swarm to the bench, take seats. Ed hands waters
to the Players, skips Dom, stops at Mike.

3.



Ed jerks around to blatantly stare at her.

Ed flashes a goofy smile. MUFFY mimes puking.

GIRL'S VOICE (o.s.)
Mike?

SCARLET, 17, an 80's beauty, stands at the end of the bench.

Dom dribbles past, smiles at Scarlet.

She smiles nervously, lies...

4.



REFEREE blows the whistle.

He kisses her cheek, starts off, turns back-

LONG SHOT: We hear nothing but see Mike's body deflate. He
steps away from Scarlet towards center court.

Muffy and her friends mock Ed and laugh hysterically

Mike, in a daze walks right past Ed. Takes his place for the
jump ball. The Crowd stomps and cheers LOUDLY.

The Ref is about to toss the ball. Mike looks up at the
stands, sees a crushed Scarlet heading for the exit. Mike's
torn. Play or go after her. He goes after her.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/TUNNEL - NIGHT

Mike rushes in.

She turns, slumps against the wall. Mike catches up to her.
Mike leans in and kisses Scarlet.

CUT TO:

5.




The sound of an alarm clock shatters the silence as WE settle
in on a large, MEDITERRANEAN STYLE HOUSE.


INT. ED'S HOUSE/MIKE'S BEDROOM - MORNING

MIKE O'DONNELL, now 36, angrily slaps the alarm off...6 AM.
He climbs out of bed, bones creaking, stiff, groans.


Mike yanks his tie straight up as if he were hanging himself.


INT. ED'S HOUSE/LIVING ROOM - MORNING

ED FREEDMAN, now 36, lies on a portable table in his boxers.
ACUPUNCTURE NEEDLES protrude from every inch of his body,
neck and face...at least 5000 needles.

A HOT, YOUNG ACUPUNCTURIST adds more to him.

Mike enters, shakes his head in amusement.

Ed looks over, sees Mike watching.

6.



Ed climbs slowly off the table, shuffles over, groaning in
pain the entire way. He pours himself a shot of BROWN LIQUID
from a pitcher, throws the shot back and immediately SPITS it
all over the place.

Ed drags painfully back to the Acupuncturist.



INT. WYATT PHARMACEUTICALS/CONFERENCE ROOM - MORNING

PHARMACEUTICAL DRUG POSTERS cover the walls. Smiling faces,
happy couples...little pills.

Surrounding a conference table are Mike's colleagues...HOT
WOMEN, 20 to 35, in skimpy business suits, chatting away.

Mike sits amongst them, the only male present. A glum look
on his face. WENDY, bubbly, ditsy, 22, leans over to him.

ROGER, 23, boss, strides through the door.

Mike straightens his tie, buttons his suit jacket.

Dumbfounded, Mike slumps back into his seat. Wendy springs
up out of hers, SCREAMING and BOUNCING.

8.



The Women stream out.

Mike swallows his pride and exits.


EXT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/PARKING LOT - DUSK

Mike pulls into the empty parking lot, climbs out of his car
and into the building.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/HALL - DUSK

Mike hurries down the hall, opens a door, peeks his head in.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/GYM - DUSK

Mike peers around...nobody.

No answer. A basketball sits in the middle of the floor.
Mike enters, picks up the ball, begins dribbling...faster,
between his legs, around his back, up to the 3 point line-

9.



Mike hits a perfect jumper at the imaginary buzzer, smiles.

Mike dashes for the bouncing ball, scoops it up, goes for a
reverse lay up, makes it but when he lands...he
lands...CRACK...hard. Mike grabs his lower back, groans-


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/HALL - DUSK

Mike limps out of the gym, wanders over to a wall covered in
PHOTOGRAPHS...Fitch basketball teams of the past.

Mike searches the pictures until he finds it...the photo WE
saw being taken earlier...the team of 1989. Ed mid howl from
Dom's wedgy.

Mike stares at the photograph...lost in time and thought.
The smiling, confident image of his youth stares back at him.

MALE VOICE (o.s.)
You know someone in that picture?

Mike startles from his daydream, turns. A kind-faced, old
JANITOR, stands behind him, mop in hand.

The Janitor leans in, takes a closer look at Young Mike.

10.



Michael wistfully eyes the old photo, looks back to the
JANITOR-

ALEX, 15, messy hair and slight, and MAGGIE, 17 and awkwardly
pretty, appear at the other end of the hall.

Mike looks back to the Janitor...GONE.

They make their way towards the door. Mike limping.


11.



Maggie stifles a laugh.

Father and Son touch fists.

12.



Maggie rolls her eyes.

Mike forces a smile hiding his disappointment.


EXT. SAN FERNANDO VALLEY/MIKE'S HOUSE - NIGHT

Mike pulls up behind a `Dom's Nursery' van. He, Alex and
Maggie step out. Mike eyes the van with disdain.

Maggie heads straight for the modest ranch house and inside.

Alex follows Maggie into the house. Mike makes his way
around back.


EXT. MIKE'S HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

As Mike rounds the corner, he almost runs into a smiling Dom
Johnson, 36. Don lugs 3 loaded trash bags.

13.



Dom serves Mike a cocky wink, continues on. Mike scowls.

Scarlet, 36, slams a shovel into the ground, wedges it
beneath a dying shrub and rips it out.

Mike smiles playfully and begins to serenade-

Scarlet shakes her head-

Mike flirtatiously stalks her. Scarlet fights smiling.

14.



Mike gets close to Scarlet's face. She smiles, stops herself
and pushes him away.

A chastised Mike eyes the yard...it's a WRECK...holes and
mounds of dirt everywhere, carcasses of dead plants, bushes
and flowers strewn about.

Scarlet stops shoveling, wipes dirt from her face.

An awkward silence. Then-

15.



Scarlet throws the shovel to the ground.

Mike's silence says it all. Scarlet fights back tears.

Scarlet shakes her head in frustration.

Scarlet goes back to shoveling. Mike turns, steps, falls
into a hole.


Mike turns the wipers on high. Not much help. He slows the
car to a crawl, straining to see out the windshield.

LIGHTNING flashes. We see the Janitor leaning over the
railing looking into the raging river. Mike brakes, throws
his door open, jumps out into the pouring rain.


16.



Mike, blinded by the rain makes his way to the railing. The
Janitor's GONE.

Mike leans over the rickety railing, looks down...

The phosphorescent water swirls angrily...rising quickly.
It's mesmerizing. Magical. Mike can't take his eyes off-

LIGHTENING FLASHES Mike's 17 year-old face reflection stares
back up at him.

CRACK. The railing BREAKS. Mike FALLS...SPLASH...headlong
into the river.

CUT TO:


WE follow the feet, tattered slacks dragging on the cement,
to the door. 2 filthy hands dig into pockets, searching-



Ed opens the door...standing before him is Mike, covered in
MUD. His ripped, grimy suit now hangs off of him
because...HE'S 17 AGAIN.

Ed's eyes widen with FEAR.

17.



Ed slams the door, frantically wobbles away. The door opens,
ANGLE ON the muddy feet as they enter and follow the trail of
cotton balls up the stairs and to the bathroom door.


A whimpering Ed points to the mirror.

The muddy feet turn toward the mirror and-

ANGLE ON the mirror. Mike's 17. He turns on the water,
splashes his face frantically. Mud gone. He's still 17.

Mike tears his suit jacket and shirt off...hairless chest.
He yanks off his pants, peeks down his boxers-

Mike pulls Ed up by his robe.

18.



Ed throws a knee into Mike's nuts, bolts out the door
SCREAMING. Mike crumbles.


INT. ED'S HOUSE/FOYER - DAY

Ed reaches the door, fumbles with the locks. He just manages
to open the door when Mike tackles him to the floor.

The two buddies roll around, limbs intertwined.

FEMALE VOICE (o.s.)
Aye dios mio!

They stop wrestling, look up. The LATINO MAID stands in the
doorway genuflecting.

The Maid hurries off muttering prayers in Spanish.

CUT TO:


EXT. ED'S HOUSE/BACKYARD - LATER

REVEAL Mike in the gurgling green water of the hot tub.

19.



Ed picks up a TOASTER attached to an extension cord.

Ed raises the toaster-

Ed tosses it in. Mike screams. Nothing happens.

Ed reaches down to plug it in.

CLOSE ON MIKE, Light bulb goes off. He leaps out, runs for
the house.

CUT TO:


EXT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/PARKING LOT - DAY

The Audi screeches to a stop in front of the school. Mike
bounds out, wearing a robe, races inside.

20.




INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/HALL - DAY

Mike rushes past baffled STUDENTS, asking no one in
PARTICULAR-

Mike reaches the familiar wall of pictures. Kids point,
laugh, stare.

A FEMALE JANITOR, steps from a room.

Mike points to the 1989 team photo.

Mike backs away from the picture and the Janitor.

Confused, Mike stumbles to the bathroom. He's about to enter,
three letter jacket wearing JOCKS, STAN, JAZZ and KEVIN,
burst out laughing, knocking Mike on the way by.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/BATHROOM - DAY

Mike enters, moves to a sink, turns the water on-

VOICE (o.s.)
Can I get a little help in here?

Mike turns, sees what appears to be UNDERWEAR stretched over
the corner of a closed stall door.

21.



Mike approaches the door, swings it open...there HANGS Alex,
sneakers dangling 3 feet off the ground. The back of his
underwear wrenched up over the corner of the door.

Mike pulls the underwear off the door. Alex drops, reaches
down his pants, adjusts his underwear.

Alex walks out bowlegged. A devastated Mike watches him go.

22.




Mike pounds on the horn, scaring them apart. Drive's off.


INT. ED'S HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

Ed sits at the island, a laptop in front of him. On the
screen WE see he's perusing www.spellscursesincantations.com.

The sound of the front door opening and closing. Mike enters.

23.



Mike grabs a beer from the fridge, cracks it. As Mike is
about to take a sip, Ed swipes the beer from his hand...CHUGS
it down.

CUT TO:


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/OFFICE - DAY

24.



PULL BACK TO REVEAL Ed and Mike sit outside Principal's
office. Mike is dressed in an overly exaggerated hip style,
(a grown-ups concept of what's cool- he looks ridiculous).

Ed calms. Mike pulls a manila folder out of his book bag.

Mike and Ed stand, head for the door marked `Principal'.


Mike and Ed step through the door-


Ed's face lights up and without missing a beat-

Ed steps in front of Mike, shakes Ms. Goodwin's hand.

25.



Mike tries to peer around Ed. Mike finally physically moves
Ed steps aside.

Ed smiles, rubs Mikes head vigorously. Mike slaps his hand.

Mike and Ed sit.

Ed's smile fades.

Mike hands Julie the folder. As Julie browses through it, Ed
and Mike get into a pinching, elbowing fight. When she looks
up, the friends stop. Both smiling.

26.



Ed's jaw drops. Julie rises abruptly.

The door opens, in steps LISA, 18.

Mike stands. Ed addresses him as fatherly as he knows how-

Mike glares at Ed, follows Lisa out. Ed turns to Julie.


27.



Julie ushers Ed to the door.

Julie shuts the door, shakes her head in disbelief.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/CALCULUS CLASS - DAY

Mike steps in. Scattered giggles at his appearance. Mike
takes a seat, eyes three sexy girls wearing next to nothing,
SAMANTHA, LAUREN and JAMIE, busy texting on their phones.

A GIRL next to him leans over-

The Jocks, Stan, Jazz and Kevin strut in. Mike's eyes
narrow. Stan stops before Mike, looks him up and down-

Laughter from the class. Mike shies. The Jocks sit, Stan
behind Mike. Just as the last bell rings, Maggie rushes in,
sits with the Bras.

Something catches Maggie's eye. It's Mike waving to her.

Maggie places a hand over her face, looks down.

28.



MALE VOICE (o.s.)
Take your seats. Stop the talking.

MR. ADAMS, 45, prissy, strides in carrying a stack of papers.

Moans from the class. Adams walks up and down the aisle
slapping them down on the desks..

Adams reaches Maggie, drops the test on her desk...

Humiliated, Maggie lowers her head.

Mike angrily stands-

Mr. Adams turns to Mike.

29.



Adams turns, walks back towards the front of the room.

Stan signals his friends, takes out a LIGHTER, flicks it,
leans forward and places the flame BETWEEN Mike's legs.

The flame GLOWS RED against Mike's jeans. The Jocks and Bras
pull out their cells and begin VIDEOING.

Adams scribbles on a pad-

Adams rips the paper off, holds it out towards Mike. Mike
sniffs at the air-

Mike LEAPS out of his shoes. A FLAME runs up his crotch.
LAUGHTER. Mike, SCREAMING, runs around the room fanning his
package.

Mike snatches the slip from Adams and out the door.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/CAFETERIA - DAY

A packed lunchroom. The CLIQUES sit amongst themselves. WE
notice all the KIDS hunched over STARING AT THEIR PHONES.

Mike enters carrying a bag lunch. A BLACK BURN MARK on the
crotch of his pants. A GAYSIAN spots him, yells-

30.



The entire cafeteria turns to Mike and erupts in laughter.

As Mike passes each table, WE see the kids are watching his
`fire dance' on their phones.

Mike approaches a table of the 3 BIGGEST LOSERS in school,
unkempt hair, fat, acne. Mike begins to sit when-

Mike nods, continues on past the snickering and catcalls
until he sees Maggie and the Wonder Bras.

ANGLE: Wonder Bra Table. Maggie, Samantha, Jamie and Lauren
pick around plates of cafeteria food.

Mike approaches, big smile. The Wonder Bras look off in
every direction except Mike's.

The Girls continue looking away, ignoring Mike.

Mike drops down next to Samantha and across from Maggie.

31.



Mike hides his lunch.

Mike pulls out an OLDER Blackberry phone, looks at the caller
ID...Scarlet. He sends it to voice mail.


The sound of a bouncing ball interrupts.

MALE VOICE (o.s.)
Yo!

Mike turns. Stan, Jazz and Kevin swagger over.

32.



Maggie nods for Mike to go.

Mike stands. Stan pulls Maggie up, starts making out with
her, hands all over her. WE can see Mike's blood BOIL until-

Oops. Stan stops groping, steps over to Mike, a solid foot
taller than him.

Mike looks around...the entire cafeteria watches. Defeated-

Stan takes Mike's hat off, picks up an ice cream from
Maggie's tray, puts the ice cream in the hat, places it back
on Mike's head and SMUSHES it down.

Flush with humiliation and ice cream dripping down his face,
Mike turns and walks out.

WE see Alex, seated by himself at a back table, shake his
head in disgust.

33.




INT. RESTAURANT/BAR - NIGHT

A beaten down Mike sits alongside Ed at the bar.

The BARTENDER approaches.

The Bartender nods serves up the drinks. Mike miserably
plucks a cherry off his pink drink.

34.



An OLDER WOMAN takes a seat next to the boys.

The Older Lady, having listened to it all, turns to Ed-

The Lady turns away in disgust.

35.



Mike eyes Ed, considers just how "well adjusted" Ed is. A
determined look comes over Mike. He pounds the bar.



A HAIRDRESSER cuts away and highlights Mike's long locks. Ed
sits beside Mike sipping wine, enjoying a manicure.


At the register, the Girls hand Mike his bags of clothes. Ed
takes out his cell to put their numbers in it. The Girls
frown and go back to work.


36.




INT. ED'S HOUSE/OFFICE - NIGHT

Mike and Ed, surrounded by the magazines and music discs, sit
before the computer. Ed TEACHES Mike how to create a MYSPACE
page.

Bogus About Me and Interests. Photoshopped pictures of Mike
in exotic locations. All the `now' movies, music and books.
They fill his Friends section with only hot girls.

The Boys view the flashy, finished product, tap fists. This
page makes `Mark Freedman' look like a playboy.



INT. ED'S HOUSE/MIKE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

Mike sits on the bed, types away on his laptop. A knock on
the door. Mike looks up and YELLS. Ed stands in the
doorway, his entire body and head wrapped in SEAWEED.

37.



Ed flips Mike a set of keys. Mike's eyes light up.

Ed plods off. Off Mike's huge smile.


EXT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/PARKING LOT - MORNING

The usual pre-school ritual. Stan, Jazz, Kevin, the Wonder
Bras and Maggie all hang around Stan's `stang.

Stan and Maggie wrapped in a heated embrace, kissing.

HONK. A horn blares. Stan and Maggie jump out of the way.

An ASTON MARTIN VANQUISH stops next to the crew. The tinted
window rolls down revealing the new and improved Mike.

Mike winks then rolls on past.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/HALL - DAY

It's the MOMENT. Mike walks the hallway, handsome and hip.

Samantha, Lauren and Jamie text by their lockers. Mike
struts up to them. The Bras smile.

The Bras' jaws hit the floor. Mike walks off, a huge grin on
his face. Man, that felt good.

38.




INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/CAFETERIA - DAY

Mike steps from the kitchen area carrying a TRAY, scans the
crowded room, finds Alex seated at a table ALONE. It's a
heartbreaking image. Mike approaches-

Mike sits across from Alex.

Mike inches left, peeks behind him...2 girls eat lunch
together. The one facing them is a cute Latino, NICOLE, 16.

Nicole smiles. Alex quickly shies away.

39.



The Wonder Bras sway in, take seats at the VIP table.

Mike rises.

Mike strolls over to the Bras' table, plunks himself down.

Samantha's jaw drops.

40.



The Bras' begin to bicker amongst themselves. Mike pulls out
his new iPhone, plugs the earphones in his ears.

The Bras immediately stop bickering, ogle the phone.

Mike rises from the table.

Stan, carrying a basketball, his goons and Maggie come up
behind Mike.

Stan whips the ball at Mike. Mike, cat-quick, spins around,
catches the ball.

The whole cafeteria turns their attention on Mike and Stan.
Mike points to the name `Stan' on Stan's letter jacket, reads-

Laughter from the Students.

41.



Mike ignores him and starts dribbling.

Mike speaks loudly now, playing to the cafeteria.

Stan and his Posse tap fists. Mike dribbles between his legs.

Mike holds up his pinky then spins the ball on it.

The entire cafeteria LAUGHS HYSTERICALLY.

Mike feigns whipping it back at Stan, who recoils, then
gently rolls the ball back to Stan.

42.



Some students, including Alex, ERUPT. The Wonder Bras eye
Mike with new found lust.

ANGLE ON Mike's face as he walks away.

Mike ducks just as the ball whizzes overhead, rockets across
the cafeteria landing on Miss Goodwin's tray, splattering her
with food. She glares at Stan.

Mike's iphone buzzes...ANGLE ON SCREEN: the Wonder Bras
digits appear.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/COLLEGE CENTER - DAY

Mike enters, approaches MRS. MENCER, 60.

Mrs. Mencer hands Mike a hefty book.

Mike sits, starts paging through the book and gets lost in
the bright colored pictures...smiling STUDENTS, CAMPUSES and
LECTURE HALLS...THE OPTIONS HE LOST YEARS AGO.


43.



ED (o.s.)
Hello?

Mike hangs up.


SCARLET (o.s.)
Coming!

The door opens revealing Scarlet in her dirty yard attire.

Scarlet...SPEECHLESS...visibly stunned by the resemblance...

44.




INT. MIKE'S HOUSE/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT

Scarlet and Mike sit across from one another. Scarlet stares
at Mike as if examining every pore on his face.

Mike spies Dostoevsky's Crime and Punishment on a table.

45.



Scarlet can't take her eyes off Mike.

Mike switches subjects, points to her dirty clothes-

Scarlet stands, leads Mike to the french doors.

Scarlet opens the doors, flips on the lights. The yard's
been cleaned up. Fresh blankets of sod rest in piles next to
stacks of limestone. HUNDREDS of unplanted plants, flowers,
trees and shrubs sit around the yard in strategic positions.


EXT. MIKE'S HOUSE/BACKYARD - NIGHT

Mike and Scarlet step outside.

Scarlet moves about the yard, pointing and explaining.

A chill runs up Scarlet's spine.

Alex appears at the doors interrupting-

Mike heads back inside. Scarlet stares after him.


BEEP. BEEP. Mike pulls out his iPhone, text message from
Samantha. It reads:

47.



Mike stares at the screen as if it were in hieroglyphics.

Alex takes the phone from Mike, reads-

The two touch fists.


WE find Maggie and the Wonder Bras seated by the fire.

ANGLE: Mike and a nervous Alex make their way down the sand.

Alex turns. Mike grabs his arm, turns him back.

48.



Mike is stunned.

As a confused Mike and Alex approach the scene, BOYS call out
to Mike, tap his fist. GIRLS fawn over him. Mike's become a
celebrity...and he's eating it up.

ANGLE: Lauren spots Mike with Alex.

The Bras whip their heads around, get all dreamy.

Samantha leaps up, scurries over to Mike. Lauren and Jamie
chase after her. Maggie shakes her head.

As Mike and Alex approach the gathering, Alex freezes up.

49.



Alex nods towards the fire. Seated with FRIENDS is Nicole.
Alex BELCHES loudly.

Mike grabs Alex by the shoulders.

A determined look comes over Alex.

50.



Alex takes a deep breath, marches off just as Samantha runs
up and throws her arms around Mike.

Jamie and Lauren rush over.

A full blown ARGUMENT breaks out between the Bras. Mike sees
Maggie sitting by the fire alone, slips out.

ANGLE: Alex steps over to Nicole and suddenly loses
confidence. As he turns to retreat, Nicole looks up-

Alex stops, turns back around and blurts out-

Nicole and her Friends giggle.

The Girls' jaws drop. Nicole hides her hands.

Alex rips a huge BURP. The Girls duck for cover.

51.



Nicole and her Friends MELT.

Nicole scoots over making room next to her. Alex smiles.

ANGLE: Mike sits down beside Maggie.

Mike loses it, leaps to his feet shouting-

52.



Maggie jumps up. Kids all stare.

Maggie stomps over to the still bickering Bras.

Maggie and the Bras turn towards Mike and glare. Maggie
heads for the parking lot.

The Bras make the `text me' sign then hurry after Maggie.

Mike kicks angrily at the sand and accidentally into the
faces of a group of KIDS.


EXT. ED'S HOUSE/POOL - MORNING

A HOT GIRL wearing a `Lifeguard' bathing suit sits atop a
high chair.

Ed floats on a raft. A frozen drink next to him. Scarlet
looms over him, the 2 in a heated conversation-

53.



Mike steps from the house, sees Scarlet-

Scarlet tosses a manila envelope on the patio table.

Scarlet exits.

Mike eyes the envelope, in stunned silence.

Mike feigns innocence.

54.



Mike starts to argue then gives in-

Mike scoffs, storms off. Ed calls after him-


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/HALL - DAY

Mike shoves books in his locker. Stan approaches.

Stan walks off. Mike slams his locker shut.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/CALCULUS CLASS - DAY

Mike slips inside the empty classroom, slathers KRAZY GLUE
all over Stan's DESKTOP and CHAIR.

Mike sits just as the rest of the class files in. Stan kisses
Maggie and takes his seat.

55.



Stan leans on his desk, placing a FOREARM and a HAND on the
sticky desktop. He catches Mike looking back at him and
gives him a cocky wink. Mike winks back knowingly.

Mike's phone beeps. He checks it...A PIX MESSAGE...3 perfect
ASSES in tiny bikini bottoms. A wide-eyed Mike spins in his
seat to find the Wonder Bras smiling at him.

Mr. Adams enters.

Adams scribbles a large equation on the blackboard.

Blank, uninterested faces. Scattered giggles. Adams tosses
the chalk angrily on his desk.

Maggie rises nervously from her seat, shuffles to the front
of the class. As she passes Stan WE see...

Stan lifts his fingers from the desktop...it's WET...he
places his wet fingers to the tip of his nose and smells.

When Stan tries to remove his fingers from his nose...they
STICK. Stan tries to raise his other arm...STUCK.

Stan stands, hunched...the CHAIR GLUED to his butt. The DESK
ATTACHED to his forearm and his FINGERS STUCK to his nose.

The Kids and Mike burst out laughing, break out their video
phones as Stan fumbles around, dragging the desk, PANICKING.

56.



Jazz bounds out of his seat, grabs hold of Stan's wrist.

RRRRIIIIPPPP. Jazz yanks. Stan's SCREAM echoes.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/GYM - DAY

Mike, wearing basketball gear and bouncing a basketball,
stands in the middle of the court. Alex enters.

Mike begins to walk out.

Mike turns back.

57.



Mike tosses Alex the ball. Alex begins to dribble. Mike
steps up to defend. Alex dribbles quicker, through his legs.

WHAM. The doors slam open. In walk Stan and his Posse. A
BLOOD speckled BAND-AID covers the tip of Stan's nose.

Alex stops dribbling. He and Mike move towards the door.
Stan and his Posse block the way.

Stan takes the ball from Alex, turns his back, dribbles.

While dribbling, Stan moves backwards, bumping into Alex's
midsection, forcing Alex back.

58.



Alex takes a deep breath, tired of being afraid-

Alex throws his hands up, tries to defend the much bigger
Stan. Stan easily backs Alex down, faking left and right.

Stan spins, elbows high...POW...Alex catches one to the head
and DROPS. Stan shoots and scores.

Stan high 5's Jazz and Kevin. Blind with RAGE, Mike RUSHES
Stan...WHAM...tackles him hard to the floor.

Jazz and Kevin throw Mike off Stan, punching and kicking him.

COACH HARVEY, now 58, enters the gym, runs over to the
fracas, pulls the boys apart.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/OFFICE - DAY

Mike and a nervous Alex sit outside the principal's office.
Mike holds an ice pack to his eye.

The door swings open. An elated Ed blows in.

The Secretary's jaw drops.

59.



Ed sits between Mike and Alex.

Ed flashes his pearly whites then blows on Mike. The
principal's door opens, an angry Scarlet steps out.

Scarlet looks sternly to Alex-

Scarlet bends down so she's eye to eye with Mike. She
removes the ice pack...a purple shiner.

60.



Scarlet strokes Mike's face. Mike loses himself in her
caring, gentle touch.

Scarlet, a bit weirded out by Mike, stands.

Alex shuffles out of the office. Scarlet turns to Ed, hushed-

Scarlet looks down, fights back tears, unravels a bit...

Scarlet forces a smile. Mike watches her go. For the first
time he's seen HER REALITY...hurt, pain, frustration. Mike
places his head sadly in his hands.

Julie the Principal pokes her head out the door.

Ed whispers to Mike.

61.



As Ed passes Julie on the way in-


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE - DAY

Ed takes a seat across from Julie, puts on his best `troubled
parent' look.

Ed stifles a laugh, puts on a serious face.

Mike slouches in, takes a seat.

Ed throws his hands up in exasperation.

62.



Mike nods, exits. Ed stands and with exaggerated sadness-

Ed shakes Julie's hand and exits, sniffling.


EXT. MIKE'S HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

A dirt covered Scarlet wrestles a roll of sod down.

MIKE (o.s.)
Got an extra pair of gloves?

Scarlet peers over her shoulder...Mike wanders in. Scarlet
stands, wipes her bare, dirty hands on her jeans.

Scarlet laughs, eyes him skeptically-

Mike and Scarlet, step over to the sod, lift a roll together,
carry it over to the spot.

Mike and Scarlet share a laugh.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/LIBRARY - DAY

Mike strolls in, sits at a back table, pulls a college
application from his knapsack. He takes out a pen, places
the tip to the paper where it says `name' when-

WE hear the muffled sound of CRYING. Mike rises, follows the
sobs through the maze of stacks until he finds-

-seated on the floor, head hidden between her knees. Maggie
looks up, sees Mike, quickly dries her eyes.

64.



Maggie drops her head back between her knees.

Maggie BAWLS loudly. Mike panics, fearing the worst-

Mike slaps his palms over his ears.

Maggie takes Mike's shirt, BLOWS her nose on it.

Maggie bawls again. Mike silently celebrates, sits beside
her, awkwardly pats her on the back.

65.



Maggie sobs uncontrollably. Mike takes a deep breath, calms-

Maggie throws her arms around Mike, hugs him tight. Mike
hugs her back. A moment he's never had with his daughter.

ANGLE ON Maggie's face. She's SMITTEN.


EXT. MIKE'S HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

Mike and Scarlet settle the limestone rocks into the freshly
laid sod creating a walkway.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/CALCULUS CLASS - DAY

Maggie solves a difficult problem on the board, much to Mr.
Adam's chagrin.

66.


Maggie turns from the chalkboard and smiles flirtatiously at
Mike. Stan catches this exchange and pops the back of Mike's
head.



INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE - DAY

Again, Mike and Ed sit before a stern Julie.


EXT. MIKE'S HOUSE/DRIVEWAY - DAY

Mike teaches Alex the cross over dribble. Scarlet brings the
boys water. Mike checks her out as she goes back in the
house. Alex bounces the ball off his head.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/CALCULUS CLASS - DAY

A muffled buzz. Mike reaches into his pocket, pulls out his
phone. A PIX MESSAGE. Mike opens it. A close up of perfect
CLEAVAGE.

Mike peeks over his shoulder...the Wonder Bras text on their
phones. He's confused until-

-Mike turns a little more in his seat...MAGGIE smiles
seductively at him, blows a kiss. Mike GASPS, spins back
around...TRAUMATIZED.


EXT. MIKE'S HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

Scarlet fills holes with plants then waters them with a hose.
She turns, finds Mike SLEEPING in the grass. Scarlet picks
up the hose, TURNS IT ON HIM. Mike leaps up, chases her.


EXT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/PARKING LOT - DAY

Mike, Alex, Nicole, Maggie, the Bras and a slew of KIDS hang
by Mike's Aston. Stan, Jazz and Kevin are all that's left by
Stan's Mustang.

67.





EXT. MIKE'S HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

Mike and Scarlet lug an ornate, wooden bench to it's spot.
They sit. Mike casually places a hand on Scarlet's leg.
Scarlet casually removes it.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/GYM - DAY

A game of 1 on 1. Alex dribbles up to Mike. Mike crouches
in a defensive stance. Mike goes for the ball. Alex crosses
over. Mike misses. Alex pulls up, shoots and scores. Mike
smiles, shakes his head.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE - DAY

Again, Mike and Ed sit before Julie. She hands Ed a slip of
paper...3 detentions. Ed chokes back crocodile tears.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/HALL - DAY

Mike places books in his locker, shuts the door revealing...a
goo goo eyed Maggie. Mike startles and RUNS. Maggie chases.


CUT TO:


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/GYM - DAY

CLOSE ON a ball going through the hoop. Wider reveals Alex
following through. He and Mike tap fists.

It's TRY-OUTS. Coach Harvey, a number of HOPEFULS, Maggie,
Nicole and the Bras watch the game of half court, 2 on 2.
Stan and Jazz vs. Mike and Alex.

68.



Mike and Alex school Stan and Jazz. Steals, picks, fancy
passes and scoring. The Coach watches with awe. A final 3
pointer by Mike in Stan's face seals the deal.

As Alex passes Harvey, Harvey stops him-

The Team and the Hopefuls huddle around Coach Harvey.

The Hopefuls trudge out of the gym. Alex leaps into the air.

Alex runs over, hugs Nicole. Mike beams with pride. Coach
Harvey puts an arm around him-



INT. MIKE'S HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

SCARLET (o.s.)
I'll be right out, Honey!

69.



WE follow Mike down the hall. As he passes a half open door,
he pauses, peeks in...Scarlet, facing away, pulls a shirt
over her nude back, shakes out her long hair.

Mike watches...no, he GAZES longingly, lovingly...lost in her
beauty until...Scarlet turns, startles-

Scarlet blushes...it's been a while since she's heard that.

Scarlet walks towards him and...SLAM...shuts the door on him.
Mike wanders to the bathroom, shaking his head-


INT. MIKE'S HOUSE/BATHROOM - NIGHT

Mike enters, steps over to the toilet. Maggie slips in behind
him, shuts the door. He whirls around.

Maggie places a finger on his lips.

70.



Maggie backs Mike against the wall.

Maggie stops, looks quizzically at Mike-

Mike starts to speak. Stops. Finally gets it-

Maggie switches back into predatory mode.

71.



Maggie smiles seductively and struts out.


INT. MIKE'S HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

Alex types on his phone. Mike enters.

Mike nods...then realizes...BEEP...BEEP. HIS PHONE. Alex
and Maggie look to Mike. Mike checks his phone.

Scarlet enters. She looks AMAZING.

Scarlet wraps Alex in a big hug. Mike watches. It's a
bittersweet moment for him.

Scarlet, unable to contain her excitement, leads Mike and
Alex to the french doors and flicks a light switch...

72.



Thousands of tiny, white lights illuminate Scarlet's OASIS...


EXT. MIKE'S HOUSE/BACKYARD - NIGHT

The 3 step outside. Mike, truly blown away, takes picture
with his iPhone.

Off Mike's stunned reaction.

CUT TO:


INT. MIKE'S HOUSE/FOYER - NIGHT

Mike marches in behind Scarlet. As they reach the door, he
steps in front of her.

73.



Mike swings the door open revealing...Dom Johnson.

SLAM. Mike shuts the door, blocks it.

Scarlet moves Mike aside, opens the door. Dom stands in the
doorway holding a bouquet.

Scarlet heads for the van. Dom looks to Mike-

Dom imitates humping, jogs after Scarlet.

Mike slams the door.


INT. MIKE'S HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

A contemplative Alex scoops lasagna onto plates. An agitated
Mike enters, pulls up a seat at the counter.

74.



Mike is CRUSHED.


Ed steps from the changing room wearing very tight, ultra hip
clothes that belong on a 20 year old...he looks ridiculous.

75.



Ed checks his butt in a full length mirror, nods happily.

Ed retreats into the changing room.

ED (CONT'D) (o.s.)
Now that Julie's agreed to go out
with me tonight, I need you to
start behaving. I can't have her
thinking my son is a complete
degenerate.

Ed, wearing only his banana hammock underwear and socks,
steps from the room, hands the clothes to the Salesman.

Other SHOPPERS eye Ed oddly as they pass.

76.



Mike grabs Ed's bare tits and TWISTS. Ed screams, grabs
Mike's tits and TWISTS. Both of them HOWL in pain.

Mike and Ed, both still titty twisting, look up. Everyone in
the store stares. They each let go, force smiles.

Ed stomps into the dressing room rubbing his sore boobs.
Mike pulls out his iPhone, begins texting.

CUT TO:


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/HALL - DAY

The Wonder Bras stand by their lockers when their phones
beep...TEXT MESSAGE...

The Bras type away, simultaneously hit SEND. WIDE
REVEALS...hundreds of students...the beeps of hundreds of
cell phones.



INT. ED'S HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

MAYHEM. Kids raid the refrigerator, throw food around.
Another KID sprays the room with the removable sink head.

Mike rushes in, grabs the sink head from the Kid.

77.



Mike turns without thinking SPRAYING all 3 Wonder Bras in the
face. The Bras scream. Mike replaces the nozzle.

The Bras wipe themselves off, grab Mike's hands.

The Bras drag a reluctant Mike out of the kitchen and into -


INT. ED'S HOUSE/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT

PARTY-GOERS dance everywhere and on top of everything.

The Bras surround Mike, each girl grinding on him as if it
were a competition.

Lauren takes Mike by the face, turns him towards her-

Jamie spins Mike towards her, places his hands on her boobs-

Samantha pulls Mike roughly by the hair, twists him around-

Mike tries to squeeze out. The Bras block him. The music
changes...a remix version of Hammer's `Can't Touch This'
blares.

Mike breaks into the 80's Hammer routine WE saw from the
first scene.

78.



The Bras back up. Party-Goers stop what they're doing and
watch...not sure whether to laugh or join in.

And then, the Bras fall in. Followed by others. The party
just got hotter.

Maggie runs through the party and out the back. Stan chases
after her. Mike inconspicuously Hammer walks his way out of
the mix and outside.


EXT. ED'S HOUSE/POOL - NIGHT

Stan corners Maggie against the back wall.

Stan turns angrily toward Mike as he approaches.

Mike pulls out his phone. Stan looks to Maggie then back to
Mike, laughs-

79.



Mike SWINGS. Stan ducks, throws a giant uppercut. POW.
Mike's eyes roll back in his head and WE cut to BLACK.


INT. UPSCALE RESTAURANT/DINING ROOM - NIGHT

The HOSTESS shows Ed and Julie to their table by the window.
Ed wears his new Gucci outfit. Julie's under dressed.

Ed hands the Hostess a 50. Julie rolls her eyes.

A WAITER approaches.

The Waiter nods, leaves.

80.



Julie throws her napkin on the table.

Julie rises. Ed takes her wrist.

Julie begrudgingly sits back down.


INT. ED'S HOUSE/MIKE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

CLOSE ON Mike's face, eyes shut. A hand gently strokes his
head. Mike stirs awake, smiles, eyes still closed-

MAGGIE (o.s.)
Scarlet!?

Mike's eyes pop open. WIDER reveals Mike and Maggie on the
bed. Mike's head rests on Maggie's lap.

Mike JUMPS off the bed, scrambles to the other side of the
room and behind a chair. Maggie leaps off the bed.

Maggie ROARS, chases Mike around the room.

Maggie growls, stalks Mike around the bed.

82.



Maggie dives across the bed. Mike dodges, runs out the door.


EXT. ED'S HOUSE/BACKYARD - NIGHT

Alex and Nicole sit closely by a fire pit, laughing.

Alex imitates Mrs. Cruz. Nicole laughs, places her hand on
Alex's leg. Alex looks down at her hand, then up at her,
both staring at one another...THE MOMENT.

Nicole closes her eyes, moves in. Alex moves in then
FREAKS. He bounds out of his chair, sprints inside leaving
Nicole hanging.



83.



Mike places a hand gently on either side of Alex's face.

A BOY walks past, sees Mike romantically holding Alex's face.

Mike and Alex quickly separate.

Alex takes a deep breath, steps outside.


EXT. ED'S HOUSE/BACKYARD - NIGHT

A determined Alex marches over to the seated Nicole.

Nicole stands-

Before she can finish Alex's hands are on her face and his
lips on hers. It's as if time stands still.


BEEP. BEEP. Mike pulls out his phone. Text message.

Mike rushes to the stairs. An angry Maggie storms down them.
Mike ducks. Maggie passes. Mike races up.

84.




INT. ED'S HOUSE/HALLWAY - NIGHT

Mike sprints down the hall, throws open the door to find-


INT. ED'S HOUSE/MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT

Samantha, Jamie and Lauren in the bed, clothes on the floor.

The chance of a lifetime. A legend making moment.

Mike turns, exits. On the way out WE actually hear SNIFFLING.


85.



Free to be herself, Julie lets her hair down, shakes it out.



They stare at each other incredibly turned on. Ed screams-

EXT. ED'S HOUSE/POOL - NIGHT

CLOSE ON a Heavy Kid leans over the pool PUKING.
Wider...Mike beside him while Kids cheer the Heavy Kid on.

Mike turns, finds SCARLET making her way through the crowd.

Mike rushes over to her.

86.



Mike leads Scarlet away from the pool.


He steps on the gas. He fishtails around a corner. Cars pack
Ed's street and driveway. Boys and girls trample the front
lawn. One BOY urinates in a flower bed.

Ed double parks the car, jumps out.


All the Kids on the lawn SCATTER in different directions.


INT. ED'S HOUSE/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT

Ed and Julie enter the crowded, loud room. Kids dance, stomp
around on the furniture. A furious Ed screams-

87.



Nobody flinches. Julie WHISTLES loudly. The Kids stop.

The Kids BEELINE for the door. Ed stops a GIRL.

SPLAT. A slice of pizza falls from the ceiling onto Ed's
head. The Girl laughs, exits.


INT. ED'S HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

Maggie enters, weeds through the crowd, bumps into the Bras.

Maggie scowls, heads for the back door. The Bras chase.


EXT. ED'S HOUSE/BACKYARD - NIGHT

Mike and Scarlet hide behind the pool house, peek around the
corner, spy on Alex and Nicole by the fire pit. Alex is
animated, confident...

Scarlet and Mike step back by the pool, sit on a lounge.

88.



Scarlet smiles thankfully at Mike.

ANGLE...Maggie and the Bras roam the backyard searching for
Mike.

ANGLE...Alex and Nicole, hand in hand, stroll back towards
the house when Alex freezes-

ANGLE...Scarlet places a hand over Mike's.

89.



Scarlet looks into Mike's eyes. Mike stares back. She's
vulnerable. He loves her. It's perfect. Mike leans in and
KISSES HER...PASSIONATELY.

SSSSSLAP. Mike falls off the chair. Scarlet leaps up.

Mike scrambles to his feet.

Scarlet winces as if dealt a blow-

Scarlet marches towards the house. Mike on her heels
pleading.

90.



As she passes Ed and Julie.

Scarlet storms off. Before Mike can protest-

Mike turns. SLAP. Maggie lights him up, runs for the house.
SLAP, SLAP, SLAP. The Bras add theirs on the way out.

Alex and Nicole march past. Mike reaches for Alex's arm.
Alex pulls it away.

Alex whisks Nicole into the house. Mike lowers his head. Ed
stomps over, grabs Mike.

Mike runs for the house. Julie looks quizzically to Ed.

Ed shifts uncomfortably, takes a deep breath.

91.



SLAP. Ed looks like he's about to cry.

Julie strides for the house. Ed yells after her-



INT. ED'S HOUSE/HALLWAY - MORNING

Ed knocks and knocks on Mike's bedroom door.

WE hear a dragging sound then...CLICK. Ed turns the knob,
opens the door, enters.


INT. ED'S HOUSE/MIKE'S BEDROOM - MORNING

Dark. Mike climbs back into bed. Ed waves at the air.

Ed pulls up the blinds, opens the windows. A disheveled,
Mike groans, rolls away from the light. Ed sits on the bed.

92.



Ed holds up the manila envelope of divorce papers.

A look of determination comes over Mike's face.



INT. LOS ANGELES COURT HOUSE/COURTROOM - DAY

Crowded pews. Scarlet stands before the JUDGE, her right
hand raised as she's sworn in.

Scarlet sits beside her ATTORNEY. The Judge eyes her papers.

93.





INT. LOS ANGELES COURT HOUSE/COURTROOM - DAY

94.



BOOM. The doors burst open. All turn to see Mike and Ed
storm down the aisle.

Scarlet can only shake her head.

The Bailiff grabs Mike and a yelling Ed, drags them toward
the exit. Mike wiggles free, runs back to the front.

Mike digs into his pocket, pulls out a piece of paper.

95.



Mike places the PAPER ON THE TABLE, looks over to Scarlet.
Scarlet just stares at him, tears streaming down her
cheeks...sadness...recognition?

Mike nods, walks down the aisle and out the door.

96.



A tearful Scarlet starts to leave, stops, picks up Mike's
`letter'...DIRECTIONS TO THE COURTHOUSE. She looks back
confused.


Mike looks to Ed.

Mike chokes back tears...because he knows Ed is right.


INT. ED'S HOUSE/MIKE'S BEDROOM - DUSK

Mike works on his laptop, plugs his iPhone into
it...downloads pictures.

Mike moves to the bed, packs his Falcons uniform into a
duffel bag. A BEEP. Mike unplugs the iPhone, types an email
to Scarlet, "I think this will help your business. Best of
luck, Mark" Mike hits send, grabs his bag and exits.


97.



Mike climbs into the car, pulls out of the driveway.


INT. MIKE'S HOUSE/KITCHEN - DUSK

Scarlet sits at the kitchen table working on her laptop. The
noise of an incoming email. She clicks over...MARK FREEDMAN.

Scarlet reads Mike's email then clicks on the link. A web
site pops up...`Scarlet's Sanctuaries'. Scarlet smiles.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/GYM - NIGHT

An empty gym. Mike stands feet beyond the 3 point line,
grabs balls from a hopper and rapidly shoots, shoots, shoots.
SWISH...SWISH...SWISH. Automatic.

Coach Harvey enters.

Mike sinks one last jumper, turns to the coach.

Coach Harvey hands Mike a towel.

The rest of the Falcons basketball team jogs out from the
locker room followed by a PHOTOGRAPHER.

98.



The Team assembles in the middle of the court. Alex moves
away from Mike. A PLAYER kneeling in front holds a sign,
`FITCH FALCONS, 2008.'

FLASH. And with the flash WE cut to:


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/GYM - LATER

A POPULAR SONG rocks the gymnasium. CHEERLEADERS dance on
the sidelines. STUDENTS and PARENTS cheer wildly from the
packed stands.

Julie gabs with a group of TEACHERS.

On one end of the court, the Falcons run a pass and shoot
drill. On the opposite end, a TEAM in BLUE shoots around.

Mike sees Scarlet and Maggie enter. He smiles apologetically
to them. Both turn away, climb the bleachers, join Nicole
and the Wonder Bras.

ANGLE...Coach Harvey claps loudly-

The Falcons swarm the bench, take their seats. Mike takes a
deep breath, sits next to Alex. Alex looks down.


99.



Alex stands-

Alex moves down the line, takes another seat.

Ed strides through the door spots Julie, makes his way over
to her.

Julie excuses herself from the Teachers.

Julie can't help but smile, sizes Ed up.

A REFEREE blows his whistle.

Mike and the Falcons jog onto the court. Mike takes his
place for the jump ball. The Crowd stomps, cheers LOUDLY.

Mike looks around the gymnasium...it almost seems to SLOW
UP...the sound deafening. He finds Alex on the bench...his
hopeful face. Mike looks into the stands...Maggie and
Scarlet. Scarlet abruptly stands, climbs back down the
bleachers and exits the gym.

100.



The Ref readies to toss the ball. Mike takes a deep
breath...and walks off the court.

Mike steps over to Alex-

Mike rushes off the court. As Mike disappears into the
tunnel, WE see the OLD JANITOR amongst the crowd. He smiles.

Coach Harvey turns to Alex-

Alex leaps off the bench.


INT. FITCH SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL/TUNNEL - NIGHT

The tunnel is EMPTY. Crestfallen, Mike lowers his head...

ANGLE ON: Scarlet as she appears at the far end of the
tunnel.

ANGLE ON: Mike and he's 36 years-old again, bursting out of
his uniform.

Scarlet and Mike walk towards one another, picking up their
pace the closer they get.

101.



Mike wraps his arms around her.

They lock lips.

Mike takes Scarlet's hand and as they walk out of the tunnel-









17 Again
Writers : &nbsp;&nbsp;Jason Filardi
Genres : &nbsp;&nbsp;Comedy&nbsp;&nbsp;Drama&nbsp;&nbsp;Romance

User Comments





Back to IMSDb















Index
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Submit
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Links
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Link to us
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
RSS Feeds
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Disclaimer
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Privacy policy




